Letterpress Business Cards!
Published on November 12, 2010.
I’ve been busy printing random stuff on my letterpress.
I got some color ink and an old wood ‘H’ block.
Oh, and I also ordered some blank business cards, so I decided to print myself a few.
I printed each card twice.
First I printed the green ‘H’ and after that I set the type for the name, phone, email etc. I ran into a few issues with the width of the card at first.
Since I wanted to have a vertical card, I only had so much space for the info.
The type that I have doesn’t have the ‘@’ symbol, and “Hung AT Hung-Truong.com” wouldn’t fit on one line.
So I just ended up putting it on two lines, which is nice because then the other line is just my website address.
I like the grainy look of the block ‘H’.
Each one looks a little different, and at one point I mixed in some more blue to make it a darker green.
It’s nice that the card itself is a slightly unique print.
If I could redo this card, I’d probably try to pick a smaller font for the info.
And I’d also choose different sizes for my name versus the other stuff.
I’m sort of limited in the type that I currently own (4 trays).
If I end up making more cards, I might just buy a base so that I can make my own photopolymer plates.
That’d be cool because I could also make my own designs for cards/coasters etc too.